mysql_stmt_result_metadata()
=================================================
#docslug#/connector-c/connector-c/V2.0.0/null
`mysql_stmt_result_metadata()` obtains the result set metadata of a prepared statement.

Syntax
---------------------------

```unknow
MYSQL_RES *
mysql_stmt_result_metadata(MYSQL_STMT *stmt)
```



Return values
----------------------------------

A `MYSQL_RES` result structure. If the prepared statement contains no metadata, `NULL` is returned.

Error messages
-----------------------------------

* `CR_OUT_OF_MEMORY`: The memory is insufficient.



* `CR_UNKNOWN_ERROR`: An unknown error occurred.






Notes
--------------------------

When you call `mysql_stmt_result_metadata()`, make sure that the statement executed by `mysql_stmt_execute()` has generated a result set.

You can call `mysql_stmt_result_metadata()` after `mysql_stmt_prepare()` prepares the statement and before the statement handle is closed. The metadata of the result set returned by `mysql_stmt_result_metadata()` is a pointer to the `MYSQL_RES` structure that can be used to process metadata such as the number of fields and the information of a single field. This result set pointer can be passed as a parameter to any field-based API function that processes the result set metadata, such as:

* mysql_num_fields()



* mysql_fetch_field()



* mysql_fetch_field_direct()



* mysql_fetch_fields()



* mysql_field_count()



* mysql_field_seek()



* mysql_field_tell()



* mysql_free_result()






After you obtain the metadata result set structure, you can call `mysql_free_result()` to release it. This is similar to releasing the obtained result set structure by calling `mysql_store_result()` .

If you call `mysql_stmt_result_metadata()` after `mysql_stmt_prepare()` but before `mysql_stmt_execute()`, the types of columns in the metadata are determined by the optimizer. If you call `mysql_stmt_result_metadata()` after `mysql_stmt_execute()`, then the types of columns in the metadata are, in most cases, consistent with those in the result set.

If the `CALL` statement is executed, it may generate multiple result sets. In this case, do not call `mysql_stmt_result_metadata()` immediately after calling `mysql_stmt_prepare()`. Instead, you need to call `mysql_stmt_execute()` and check the metadata of each result set.

The result set returned by `mysql_stmt_result_metadata()` contains only metadata and does not contain any row results. To obtain the row results, you need to call `mysql_stmt_execute()` to execute the statement and then use the statement handle containing `mysql_stmt_fetch()`.
