mysql_stmt_send_long_data()
================================================
#docslug#/connector-c/connector-c/V2.0.0/null
`mysql_stmt_send_long_data()` allows an application to send parameter data to the server in pieces or chunks.

Syntax
---------------------------

```c
my_bool
mysql_stmt_send_long_data(MYSQL_STMT *stmt,
                          unsigned int parameter_number,
                          const char *data,
                          unsigned long length)
```



Description of the parameters:

* `parameter_number` indicates the parameters associated with the data. These parameters are numbered starting from 0.



* `data` is a pointer that points to the buffer containing the data to be sent.



* `length` specifies the number of bytes in the buffer.






Return values
----------------------------------

If the function is executed, zero is returned. If an error occurs, a non-zero value is returned.

Error messages
-----------------------------------

* `CR_INVALID_BUFFER_USE`: The parameter has no data of the string or binary type.



* `CR_INVALID_PARAMETER_NO`: The parameter number is invalid.



* `CR_COMMANDS_OUT_OF_SYNC`: Commands are executed in an incorrect order.



* `CR_SERVER_GONE_ERROR`: The connection to the OBServer was interrupted.



* `CR_OUT_OF_MEMORY`: The memory is insufficient.



* `CR_UNKNOWN_ERROR`: An unknown error occurred.






Notes
--------------------------

You need to call this function after `mysql_stmt_bind_param()` and before `mysql_stmt_execute()`. You can call this function multiple times to send the character or binary data value of a column in pieces. Each piece must be of the `TEXT` or `BLOB` data type.

To reset or forget the sent data, call `mysql_stmt_reset()`.

The `max_allowed_packet` system variable can control the maximum values of parameters sent by `mysql_stmt_send_long_data()`.
