mysql_stmt_store_result()
==============================================
#docslug#/connector-c/connector-c/V2.0.0/null
`mysql_stmt_store_result()` retrieves and stores a result set.

Syntax
---------------------------

```c
int
mysql_stmt_store_result(MYSQL_STMT *stmt)
```



Return values
----------------------------------

If the function is executed, zero is returned. If an error occurs, a non-zero value is returned.

Error messages
-----------------------------------

* `CR_COMMANDS_OUT_OF_SYNC`: Commands are executed in an incorrect order.



* `CR_OUT_OF_MEMORY`: The memory is insufficient.



* `CR_SERVER_GONE_ERROR`: The connection to the OBServer was interrupted.



* `CR_SERVER_LOST`: The connection to the server was lost during the query.



* `CR_UNKNOWN_ERROR`: An unknown error occurred.






Notes
--------------------------

You call `mysql_stmt_execute()` to execute prepared SQL statements, such as `SELECT`, `SHOW`, `DESCRIBE`, and `EXPLAIN`, to generate a result set. By default, the result set of the executed prepared statements is not buffered at the client. Therefore, `mysql_stmt_fetch()` obtains one result set at a time from the server. To buffer the complete result set at the client, use `mysql_stmt_bind_result()` to bind the data buffer and call `mysql_stmt_store_result()` before calling `mysql_stmt_fetch()` to obtain rows.

A searchable result set is required only when you call `mysql_stmt_data_seek()`, `mysql_stmt_row_seek()`, or `mysql_stmt_row_tell()`. In this case, you can call `mysql_stmt_store_result()`.

After you execute an SQL statement that does not generate a result set, you do not need to call `mysql_stmt_store_result()`, which does not cause any harm or significant performance problems even if you call it. You can check whether the statement generates a result set by checking whether `mysql_stmt_result_metadata()` returns `NULL`.

By default, OceanBase Database does not calculate `MYSQL_FIELD->max_length` for all columns of `mysql_stmt_store_result()` because this greatly slows down the execution speed of `mysql_stmt_store_result()`, and `max_length` is not required for most applications. To update `max_length`, you can call `mysql_stmt_attr_set(MYSQL_STMT, STMT_ATTR_UPDATE_MAX_LENGTH, &flag)`.
