mysql_store_result()
=========================================
#docslug#/connector-c/connector-c/V2.0.0/null
`mysql_store_result()` retrieves and stores a result set.

Syntax
---------------------------

```c
MYSQL_RES *
mysql_store_result(MYSQL *mysql)
```



Return values
----------------------------------

A pointer that points to a `MYSQL_RES` structure with results. If the statement does not return a result set or an error occurs, `NULL` is returned.

To determine whether an error has occurred, check whether `mysql_error()` returns a non-empty string, whether `mysql_errno()` returns a non-zero value, or whether `mysql_field_count()` returns zero.

Error messages
-----------------------------------

If `mysql_store_result()` is executed, it resets `mysql_error()` and `mysql_errno()`.

* `CR_COMMANDS_OUT_OF_SYNC`: Commands are executed in an incorrect order.



* `CR_OUT_OF_MEMORY`: The memory is insufficient.



* `CR_SERVER_GONE_ERROR`: The connection to the OBServer was interrupted.



* `CR_SERVER_LOST`: The connection to the server was lost during the query.



* `CR_UNKNOWN_ERROR`: An unknown error occurred.






Notes
--------------------------

After you call `mysql_real_query()` or `mysql_query()`, you must call `mysql_store_result()` or `mysql_use_result()` for each of the following statement that generates a result set: `SELECT`, `SHOW`, `DESCRIBE`, `EXPLAIN`, and `CHECK TABLE`. After you process the result set, you must call `mysql_free_result()`.

You do not need to call `mysql_store_result()` or `mysql_use_result()` for other statements. However, even if you call `mysql_store_result()` in any cases, it does not cause any harm or significant performance degradation. You can check whether `mysql_store_result()` returns a non-zero value to determine whether the statement generates a result set.

If multi-statement support is enabled, you must retrieve the results of calling `mysql_real_query()` or `mysql_query()` by calling `mysql_next_result()` in a loop to determine whether more results are generated.

`mysql_store_result()` reads the entire result of a query to the client, assigns a `MYSQL_RES` structure, and puts the result into the structure.

If an statement, such as `INSERT`, does not return a result set, or an error occurs and reading of the result set fails, `mysql_store_result()` returns `NULL`.

If no rows are returned, an empty result set is returned. An empty result set is different from a null pointer as a return value.

After you call `mysql_store_result()` and obtain a result that is not a null pointer, you can call `mysql_num_rows()` to find out the number of rows in the result set.

You can call `mysql_fetch_row()` to obtain rows from the result set or call `mysql_row_seek()` and `mysql_row_tell()` to obtain or set the current row position in the result set.
