mysql_use_result()
=======================================
#docslug#/connector-c/connector-c/V2.0.0/null
`mysql_use_result()` retrieves a result set row by row.

Syntax
---------------------------

```c
MYSQL_RES *
mysql_use_result(MYSQL *mysql)
```



Return values
----------------------------------

A `MYSQL_RES` result structure. If an error occurs, `NULL` is returned.

Error messages
-----------------------------------

If `mysql_use_result()` is executed, it resets `mysql_error()` and `mysql_errno()`.

* `CR_COMMANDS_OUT_OF_SYNC`: Commands are executed in an incorrect order.



* `CR_OUT_OF_MEMORY`: The memory is insufficient.



* `CR_SERVER_GONE_ERROR`: The connection to the OBServer was interrupted.



* `CR_SERVER_LOST`: The connection to the server was lost during the query.



* `CR_UNKNOWN_ERROR`: An unknown error occurred.






Notes
--------------------------

After you call `mysql_real_query()` or `mysql_query()`, you must call `mysql_store_result()` or `mysql_use_result()` for each of the following statement that generates a result set: `SELECT`, `SHOW`, `DESCRIBE`, `EXPLAIN`, and `CHECK TABLE`. After you process the result set, you must call `mysql_free_result()`.

`mysql_use_result()` can start a result set retrieval. However, it does not read the result set to the client like `mysql_store_result()` does. Instead, you must call `mysql_fetch_row()` to retrieve each row. In this way, query results are read directly from the server without being stored in temporary tables or local buffers. This is faster and less memory is used compared with `mysql_store_result()`. The client allocates memory only to the current row and communication buffers whose byte size is specified by `max_allowed_packet`.

If the client needs to perform lots of operations on each row or output each row to a screen on which the user can type `^S` to stop scrolling, we recommend that you do not call `mysql_use_result()` to lock reads. It is because some server threads will be occupied and other threads will be prevented from updating tables that are used to obtain data.

When you use `mysql_use_result()`, you must execute `mysql_fetch_row()` until `NULL` is returned. Otherwise, the unobtained rows are returned as part of the result set for the next query. If you forget to perform the preceding operation, the C API returns the following error message: `Commands out of sync; you can't run this command now!`

You cannot use the results returned by `mysql_use_result()` in conjunction with `mysql_data_seek()`, `mysql_row_seek()`, `mysql_row_tell()`, `mysql_num_rows()`, or `mysql_affected_rows()`. In addition, you cannot initiate other queries before `mysql_use_result()` is executed.

After you process the result set, you must call `mysql_free_result()`.
