mysql_fetch_row()
======================================
#docslug#/connector-c/connector-c/V2.0.0/mysql_fetch_row
You can call the `mysql_fetch_row()` function to retrieve the next row in a result set.

Syntax
---------------------------

```c
MYSQL_ROW
mysql_fetch_row(MYSQL_RES *result)
```



Return values
----------------------------------

A `MYSQL_ROW` structure for the next row or `NULL` is returned.
`NULL` is returned in the following cases:

* When used after `mysql_store_result()`, `mysql_fetch_row()` returns `NULL` if no more row can be retrieved.



* When used after `mysql_use_result()`, `mysql_fetch_row()` returns `NULL` if no more row can be retrieved or an error occurs.

  To determine whether an error occurred, check whether `mysql_error()` returns a nonempty string or `mysql_errno()` returns a non-zero value.





Errors
---------------------------

* `CR_SERVER_LOST`: The connection to the server was lost during the query.



* `CR_UNKNOWN_ERROR`: An unknown error occurred.






Errors are not reset during `mysql_fetch_row()` calls.

Notes
--------------------------

* The number of values in the row is specified by `mysql_num_fields(result)`. If `row` contains the return value from a call to `mysql_fetch_row()`, the access range of pointers to the value is from `row[0]` to `row[mysql_num_fields(result)-1]`.



* `NULL` values in the row are indicated by `NULL` pointers. If the pointer is `NULL`, the field is `NULL`. Otherwise, the field is empty.



* The lengths of the field values in the row may be obtained by calling `mysql_fetch_lengths()`. The length of empty fields and fields containing `NULL` is 0.
