mysql_affected_rows()
==========================================
#docslug#/connector-c/connector-c/V2.0.0/mysql_affected_rows
You can call the `mysql_affected_rows()` function to return the number of rows modified, deleted, or inserted by the last `UPDATE`, `DELETE`, or `INSERT` statement.

Syntax
---------------------------

```unknow
my_ulonglong
mysql_affected_rows(MYSQL *mysql)
```



Return values
----------------------------------

* If an integer greater than 0 is returned, it indicates the number of affected or retrieved rows.



* If 0 is returned, the UPDATE statement is not used to update records, no row matching the WHERE clause in the query exists, or no query has been executed.



* If -1 is returned, an error has occurred, or `mysql_affected_rows()` has been called before `mysql_store_result()` is called for a SELECT query.






Errors
---------------------------

None.

Notes
--------------------------

After `mysql_real_query()` or `mysql_query()` is executed, you can directly call `mysql_affected_rows()`. If the last statement is `UPDATE`, `DELETE`, or `INSERT`, the number of modified, deleted, or inserted rows is returned. If the data table does not change, the number of rows is 0. Therefore, `mysql_affected_rows()` is usually used to check the execution result of a transaction so as to determines the subsequent operation, that is, commit or roll back the transaction.

* For a `SELECT` statement, `mysql_affected_rows()` works as `mysql_num_rows()` to return the number of rows in the query result.



* For an `UPDATE` statement, the number of affected rows is the number of actually modified rows by default. If a `CLIENT_FOUND_ROWS` identifier is specified for `mysql_real_connect()` when you connect to **mysqld** , the number of affected rows is the number of rows that match the `WHERE` clause.



* For a `REPLACE` statement, a row is inserted after a duplicate record is deleted. Therefore, the number of affected rows is 2.



* For an `INSERT ... ON DUPLICATE KEY UPDATE` statement, if a row is inserted as a new row, the number of affected rows is 1. If an existing row is updated, the number of affected rows is 2. If an existing row is set to the current value, the number of affected rows is 0. If a `CLIENT_FOUND_ROWS` identifier is specified and an existing row is set to the current value, the number of affected rows is 1, instead of 0.



* A stored procedure is followed by a `CALL`statement. The return value of `mysql_affected_rows()` is the value returned by the last statement of the stored procedure. If the last statement returns -1, mysql_affected_rows() returns 0. In this stored procedure, you can use `ROW_COUNT()` at an SQL level to obtain the number of affected rows in a single statement.
