mysql_library_init()
=========================================
#docslug#/connector-c/connector-c/V2.0.0/mysql_library_init
You can call the `mysql_library_init()` function to initialize the C API library.

Syntax
---------------------------

```c
int
mysql_library_init(int argc,
                   char **argv,
                   char **groups)
```



The `argc` and `argv` arguments are similar to the arguments of `main()`. For applications of normal (non-built-in) clients, if the server does not have command-line arguments, `argc` may be 0, and the call is made usually in the `mysql_library_init(0, NULL, NULL)` format.

The `groups` argument is a string array consisting of groups of options to be read from the option file. Make sure that the last entry in the array is `NULL`. If the value of the `groups` argument is `NULL`, the `[server]` and `[embedded]` groups are used by default.

Return values
----------------------------------

0 is returned for an execution success, and a non-zero value is returned for errors.

Notes
--------------------------

Before you call other functions, you must call this function to initialize the C API library.

In a non-multithreaded environment, the call to `mysql_library_init()` can be omitted, because `mysql_init()` will automatically call it as necessary. However, `mysql_library_init()` is not thread-safe in a multithreaded environment. Therefore, `mysql_init()` that calls `mysql_library_init()` is also not thread-safe. You must call `mysql_library_init()` before generating any threads, or use a mutex to protect the call, no matter whether you call `mysql_library_init()` directly or indirectly through `mysql_init()`. Perform this operation prior to any other client library call.
