mysql_load_plugin()
========================================
#docslug#/connector-c/connector-c/V2.0.0/mysql_load_plugin
You can call the `mysql_load_plugin()` function to load an OBClient plug-in of the specified name and type.

Syntax
---------------------------

```c
struct st_mysql_client_plugin *
mysql_load_plugin(MYSQL *mysql,
                  const char *name,
                  int type,
                  int argc,
                  ...)
```



Arguments

* `mysql`: a pointer to a `MYSQL` structure. The plug-in API does not require a connection to the OBServer, but this structure must be properly initialized. The structure is used to obtain connection-related information.



* `name`: The name of the plug-in that you want to load.



* `type`: The type of the plug-in that you want to load. You can set it to `-1` to disable type checking. If `type` is not `-1`, only plug-ins that match the type are considered for loading.



* `argc`: The number of following arguments. Set it to 0 if no following argument exists.






Return values
----------------------------------

A pointer to the plug-in is returned after the plug-in is loaded. `NULL` is returned if an error occurred.

Errors
---------------------------

Call the `mysql_error()` or `mysql_errno()` function to check for errors.

Notes
--------------------------

An error occurs if the type is invalid or the plug-in cannot be loaded. You cannot load multiple plug-ins of the same type. An error occurs if you try to load a plug-in of a type already loaded.

Alternatively, you can load plug-ins by setting the `LIBMYSQL_PLUGINS` environment variable to a list of plug-in names separated with semicolons (;). Example:

```unknow
export LIBMYSQL_PLUGINS="myplugin1;myplugin2;myplugin3"
```



Plug-ins named by `LIBMYSQL_PLUGINS` are loaded when the client program calls `mysql_library_init()`. No error is reported if problems occur in loading these plug-ins. The `LIBMYSQL_PLUGIN_DIR` environment variable can be set to the path name of the directory in which client plug-ins are searched for. This variable is used in two ways:

* During the preloading of client plug-ins, the value of the `--plugin-dir` option is not available. Therefore, client plug-in loading fails unless the plug-ins are located in the hardwired default directory. If the plug-ins are located elsewhere, `LIBMYSQL_PLUGIN_DIR` environment variable can be set to the proper directory to enable plug-in preloading to succeed.






<!-- -->

* For explicit client plug-in loading, the `mysql_load_plugin()` and `mysql_load_plugin_v()` functions are used. C API functions use the `LIBMYSQL_PLUGIN_DIR` value if it exists and the `--plugin-dir` option is not given. If `--plugin-dir` is given, `mysql_load_plugin()` and `mysql_load_plugin_v()` ignore `LIBMYSQL_PLUGIN_DIR`.
