mysql_next_result()
========================================
#docslug#/connector-c/connector-c/V2.0.0/mysql_next_result
You can call the `mysql_next_result()` function to execute multiple statements as a single statement string, or use `CALL` statements to execute stored procedures, which can return multiple result sets.

Syntax
---------------------------

```unknow
int
mysql_next_result(MYSQL *mysql)
```



Return values
----------------------------------



| Return value |      Description       |
|--------------|------------------------|
| 0            | More results exist.    |
| -1           | No more results exist. |
| \>0          | An error occurred.     |



Notes
--------------------------

`mysql_next_result()` reads the next statement result and returns a status to indicate whether more results exist. If `mysql_next_result()` returns an error, no more results exist.
Before each call to `mysql_next_result()`, you must call `mysql_free_result()` for the current statement if it is a statement that returns a result set (rather than just a result status).
After `mysql_next_result()` is called, the state of the connection is as if `mysql_real_query()` or `mysql_query()` has been called for the next statement. This means that you can call `mysql_store_result()`, `mysql_warning_count()`, `mysql_affected_rows()` and so on.
If the program uses `CALL` statements to execute stored procedures, the `CLIENT_MULTI_RESULTS` flag must be enabled. This is because each `CALL` statement returns a result to indicate the call status, in addition to the result sets that might be returned by statements executed within the procedure. Because `CALL` can return multiple results, call `mysql_next_result()` in a loop manner to determine whether more results exist.
You can also call `mysql_more_results()` to test whether more results exist. However, this function does not change the connection status. If it returns `TRUE`, you must still call `mysql_next_result()` to advance to the next result.
