mysql_ping()
=================================
#docslug#/connector-c/connector-c/V2.0.0/mysql_ping
You can call the `mysql_ping()` function to check whether the connection to the server is working.

Syntax
---------------------------

```c
int
mysql_ping(MYSQL *mysql)
```



Return values
----------------------------------

0 is returned if the connection to the server is active, and a non-zero value is returned if an error occurred.

A non-zero value does not indicate whether the MySQL server is down. The connection might be broken due to other reasons such as network problems.

Errors
---------------------------

* `CR_COMMANDS_OUT_OF_SYNC`: Commands were executed in an improper order.



* `CR_SERVER_GONE_ERROR`: The connection to the OBServer was disconnected.



* `CR_UNKNOWN_ERROR`: An unknown error occurred.






Notes
--------------------------

If the connection is closed and automatic reconnection is enabled, an attempt to reconnect is made. If the connection is closed and automatic reconnection is disabled, `mysql_ping()` returns an error.

Automatic reconnection is disabled by default. To enable it, call `mysql_options()` with the `MYSQL_OPT_RECONNECT` option.

`mysql_ping()` can be used by clients that remain idle for a long time, to check whether the server has closed the connection and reconnect to the server if necessary.

`mysql_ping()` automatically causes a reconnection with no explicit indication. If a reconnection occurs, some characteristics of the connection will be reset. To determine whether a reconnection occurs, call `mysql_thread_id()` to get the original connection identifier before calling `mysql_ping()`, and then call `mysql_thread_id()` again to check whether the identifier has changed.
