mysql_real_connect()
=========================================
#docslug#/connector-c/connector-c/V2.0.0/mysql_real_connect
You can call the `mysql_real_connect()` function to establish a connection to an OBServer running on a host.

Syntax
---------------------------

```c
MYSQL *
mysql_real_connect(MYSQL *mysql,
                   const char *host,
                   const char *user,
                   const char *passwd,
                   const char *db,
                   unsigned int port,
                   const char *unix_socket,
                   unsigned long client_flag)
```



Return values
----------------------------------

A `MYSQL*` connection handler is returned if the connection was successful, and `NULL` is returned if the connection was unsuccessful.

For a successful connection, the return value is the same as the value of the first argument.

Errors
---------------------------

* `CR_CONN_HOST_ERROR`: Unable to connect to the OBServer.



* `CR_CONNECTION_ERROR`: Unable to connect to the local OBServer.



* `CR_IPSOCK_ERROR`: Unable to create an IP socket.



* `CR_OUT_OF_MEMORY`: The memory is insufficient.



* `CR_SOCKET_CREATE_ERROR`: Unable to create a Unix socket.



* `CR_UNKNOWN_HOST`: Unable to find the IP address of the host name.



* `CR_VERSION_ERROR`: A protocol mismatch is resulted from an attempt to connect to a server with a client library that uses a different protocol version.



* `CR_NAMEDPIPEOPEN_ERROR`: Unable to create a named pipe on Windows.



* `CR_NAMEDPIPEWAIT_ERROR`: Failed to wait for a named pipe on Windows.



* `CR_NAMEDPIPESETSTATE_ERROR`: Unable to obtain a pipe handler on Windows.



* `CR_SERVER_LOST`: `connect_timeout > 0` and the time taken to connect to the server exceeded `connect_timeout`, or the server was down when executing `init-command`.



* `CR_ALREADY_CONNECTED`: The `MYSQL` connection handler was already connected.






Notes
--------------------------

Arguments

* For the first argument `mysql`, specify the address of an existing `MYSQL` structure. Before you call `mysql_real_connect()`, call `mysql_init()` to initialize the `MYSQL` structure.



* The value of `host` can be a host name or IP address. The client attempts to connect as follows:

  * If the value of host is `NULL` or the string `localhost`, assume that the client attempts to connect to the local host:

    * On Windows, if the server enables shared-memory connections, the client connects by using a shared-memory connection.



    * On Unix, the client connects by using a Unix socket file. The `unix_socket` argument or the `MYSQL_UNIX_PORT` environment variable can be used to specify the socket name.






  * On Windows, if the value of host is ".", or if TCP/IP is not enabled and `unix_socket` is not specified or the host parameter is unspecified, the client connects to the server by using a named pipe, provided that the server enables named-pipe connections. If named-pipe connections are not enabled, an error occurs.



  * Otherwise, TCP/IP is used.






* The `user` argument contains the user's logon ID. If `user` is `NULL` or the empty string "", the current user is assumed. In Unix, the current logon name is used. In Windows ODBC, the current username must be explicitly specified.



* The `passwd` argument contains the password of the user. If `passwd` is `NULL`, only entries with a blank (empty) password field in the user table are checked. In this way, the DBA can set up the privilege system so that users obtain different privileges based on whether they have specified a password.

  **Note**



  Do not attempt to encrypt the password before calling `mysql_real_connect()`. Password encryption is automatically handled by the client API.


* The `user` and `passwd` arguments use the character set configured for the `MYSQL` object. By default, the character set is `latin1`, but can be changed by calling `mysql_options(mysql, MYSQL_SET_CHARSET_NAME, "charset_name")` before connection.



* `db` is the database name. If `db` is not `NULL`, the connection identifies it as the default database.



* If `port` is not 0, the value is used as the port number for the TCP/IP connection. Note that the `host` argument determines the type of the connection.



* If `unix_socket` is not `NULL`, the string specifies the socket or named pipe to be used. Note that the `host` argument determines the type of the connection.



* The value of `client_flag` is usually 0, but can be set to a combination of the following flags to enable certain features:

  * `CAN_HANDLE_EXPIRED_PASSWORDS`: allows the client to handle expired passwords.



  * `CLIENT_COMPRESS`: uses compression in the client/server protocol.



  * `CLIENT_FOUND_ROWS`: returns the number of found (matched) rows, not the number of modified rows.



  * `CLIENT_IGNORE_SIGPIPE`: prevents the client library from installing a SIGPIPE signal handler. This can avoid conflicts with a handler already installed by the application.



  * `CLIENT_IGNORE_SPACE`: allows for spaces after function names, and makes all function names reserved words.



  * `CLIENT_INTERACTIVE`: allows for a period of inactivity of `interactive_timeout` seconds (rather than `wait_timeout` seconds) before closing the connection. The session variable `wait_timeout` of the client is set to the value of the session variable `interactive_timeout`.



  * `CLIENT_LOCAL_FILES`: enables `LOAD DATA LOCAL`.



  * `CLIENT_MULTI_RESULTS`: notifies the server that the client can handle multiple result sets from multi-statement executions or stored procedures. This flag is automatically enabled if `CLIENT_MULTI_STATEMENTS` is enabled.



  * `CLIENT_MULTI_STATEMENTS`: notifies the server that the client can send multiple statements in a single string (separated by ;). If this flag is not set, multi-statement execution is disabled.



  * `CLIENT_NO_SCHEMA`: prohibits the `db_name.tbl_name.col_name` syntax. If this syntax is used, the parser generates an error. This is useful for trapping bugs in some ODBC programs.



  * `CLIENT_ODBC`: not used.



  * `CLIENT_SSL`: uses SSL (encryption protocol). It is set internally in the client library and cannot be set within applications.



  * `CLIENT_REMEMBER_OPTIONS`: remembers options specified for `mysql_options()` calls. Without this option, if `mysql_real_connect()` fails, you must repeatedly call `mysql_options()` before trying to reconnect. With this option, you do not need to repeatedly call `mysql_options()`.









If the program uses `CALL` statements to execute stored procedures, the `CLIENT_MULTI_RESULTS` flag must be enabled. This is because each `CALL` statement returns a result to indicate the call status, in addition to the result sets that might be returned by statements executed within the procedure. Because `CALL` can return multiple results, call `mysql_next_result()` in a loop manner to determine whether more results exist.

If you `CLIENT_MULTI_STATEMENTS` or `CLIENT_MULTI_RESULTS` is enabled, call `mysql_next_result()` in a loop manner to call the result of `mysql_real_query()` or `mysql_query()` to determine whether more results exist.

For some arguments, you can obtain their values from an option file rather than from an explicit value in a call. Therefore, call `mysql_options()` with the `MYSQL_READ_DEFAULT_FILE` or `MYSQL_READ_DEFAULT_GROUP` option before calling `mysql_real_connect()`. Then, during the `mysql_real_connect()` call, specify the "no-value" value for each argument to be read from an option file.

* For `host`, specify `NULL` or the empty string ("").



* For `user`, specify `NULL` or the empty string.



* For `passwd`, specify `NULL`.



* For `db`, specify `NULL` or the empty string.



* For `port`, specify 0.



* For `unix_socket`, specify `NULL`.






If no value is found in an option file for a argument, the default value is used.
