mysql_real_escape_string()
===============================================
#docslug#/connector-c/connector-c/V2.0.0/mysql_real_escape_string
You can call the `mysql_real_escape_string()` function to encode the special characters in a string of a statement, so as to create a valid string for use in an SQL statement.

Syntax
---------------------------

```c
unsigned long
mysql_real_escape_string(MYSQL *mysql,
                         char *to,
                         const char *from,
                         unsigned long length)
```



Arguments

* The `mysql` argument must be a valid and open connection because character escaping depends on the character set used by the server.



* The string in the `from` argument is encoded to generate an escaped SQL string. The result is placed in the `to` argument, followed by a terminating null character.



* The length of the string that `from` points to must be `length` bytes. At least `length*2+1` bytes must be allocated to the buffer. (In the worst case, each character may need to be encoded by using two bytes, and room must be reserved for the terminating null character.) When `mysql_real_escape_string()` returns, the content of `to` is a null-terminated string. The return value is the length of the encoded string, excluding the terminating null character.






Return values
----------------------------------

The length of the encoded string that is placed into the `to` argument is returned, excluding the terminating null character.

Errors
---------------------------

None.

Notes
--------------------------

Characters encoded are `\`, `'`, `"`, `NUL (ASCII 0)`, `\n`, `\r`, and `Control+Z`. OceanBase requires only to escape the backslash and the quote character used to quote the string in a query.

`mysql_real_escape_string()` can quote other characters to make them easier to read in log files.

If the character set of the connection must be changed, use the `mysql_set_character_set()` function rather than executing a `SET NAMES` (or `SET CHARACTER SET`) statement. `mysql_set_character_set()` is similar to `SET NAMES` in functionality, but it affects the character set used by `mysql_real_escape_string()` and `SET NAMES` does not.
