mysql_refresh()
====================================
#docslug#/connector-c/connector-c/V2.0.0/mysql_refresh
You can call the `mysql_refresh()` function to flush or reset tables or caches.

Syntax
---------------------------

```c
int
mysql_refresh(MYSQL *mysql,
              unsigned int options)
```



Return values
----------------------------------

0 is returned for an execution success, and a non-zero value is returned for errors.

Errors
---------------------------

* `CR_COMMANDS_OUT_OF_SYNC`: Commands were executed in an improper order.



* `CR_SERVER_GONE_ERROR`: The connection to the OBServer was disconnected.



* `CR_SERVER_LOST`: The connection to the server was lost during the query.



* `CR_UNKNOWN_ERROR`: An unknown error occurred.






Notes
--------------------------

The logged-on user must have the `RELOAD` privilege.

The `options` argument is a bitmask composed of any combination of the following values. Multiple values can be combined to perform multiple operations with a single call.

* `REFRESH_GRANT`: flushes the grant tables, such as `FLUSH PRIVILEGES`.



* `REFRESH_LOG`: flushes the logs, such as `FLUSH LOGS`.



* `REFRESH_TABLES`: flushes the table cache, such as `FLUSH TABLES`.



* `REFRESH_HOSTS`: flushes the host cache, such as`FLUSH HOSTS`.



* `REFRESH_STATUS`: resets status variables, such as `FLUSH STATUS`.



* `REFRESH_THREADS`: flushes the thread cache.



* `REFRESH_SLAVE`: resets the source server information and restarts the replica on a replica server, such as `RESET SLAVE`.



* `REFRESH_MASTER`: removes the binary log files listed in the binary log index and truncates the index file on a source server, such as `RESET MASTER`.
