mysql_set_local_infile_handler()
=====================================================
#docslug#/connector-c/connector-c/V2.0.0/mysql_set_local_infile_handler
You can call the `mysql_set_local_infile_handler()` function to install callbacks to be used during the execution of `LOAD DATA LOCAL` statements.

Syntax
---------------------------

```unknow
void
mysql_set_local_infile_handler(MYSQL *mysql,
  int (*local_infile_init)(void **, const char *, void *),
  int (*local_infile_read)(void *, char *, unsigned int),
  void (*local_infile_end)(void *),
  int (*local_infile_error)(void *, char*, unsigned int),
  void *userdata);
```



Return values
----------------------------------

None.

Errors
---------------------------

None.

Notes
--------------------------

`mysql_set_local_infile_handler()` enables application programs to control local (client-side) data file reading. The arguments are the connection handler, a set of pointers to callback functions, and a pointer to a data area that the callbacks can use to share information.

To use `mysql_set_local_infile_handler()`, you must write the following callback functions:

* Initialization function: It is called once to perform necessary settings, open the data file, allocate data structures, and so on.

  ```unknow
  int
  local_infile_init(void **ptr, const char *filename, void *userdata);
  ```



  The first `void**` argument is a pointer to a pointer. You can set the pointer (that is, `*ptr`) to a value to be passed to other callbacks (as a `void*`). The callbacks can use this pointed-to value to maintain status information. The value of the `userdata` argument is the same as that passed to `mysql_set_local_infile_handler()`. The initialization function returns 0 for an operation success, a non-zero value if an error occurred.


* Data reading function: It is called repeatedly to read the data file.

  ```unknow
  int
  local_infile_read(void *ptr, char *buf, unsigned int buf_len);
  ```



  `buf` points to the buffer that stores the read data, and `buf_len` indicates the maximum number of bytes that can be read during a callback and are stored in the buffer. The return value is the number of bytes that have been read, or 0 when no more data could be read (indicating `EOF`). If an error occurs, a value smaller than 0 is returned.


* Termination function: It is called once after `local_infile_read()` returns 0 (`EOF`) or an error.

  ```unknow
  void
  local_infile_end(void *ptr)
  ```



  Within this function, the memory allocated by `local_infile_init()` is freed and necessary cleanup is performed. It is called even if the initialization function returns an error.


* Error handling function: It is called to obtain a textual error message and return the error message to the user when any of other functions returns an error.

  ```unknow
  int
  local_infile_error(void *ptr,
                     char *error_msg,
                     unsigned int error_msg_len);
  ```



  `error_msg` points to the buffer into which the message is written, and `error_msg_len` indicates the length of the buffer. The message is written as a null-terminated string, with a maximum length of `error_msg_len−1` bytes. The return value is an error number.

  Generally, other callbacks store an error message in the data structure that `ptr` points to, so that `local_infile_error()` can copy the message to `error_msg`.





After calling `mysql_set_local_infile_handler()` in C code and passing pointers to the callback functions, you can issue a `LOAD DATA LOCAL` statement by using `mysql_real_query()` or `mysql_query()`. The client library automatically calls the callbacks. The file name specified in `LOAD DATA LOCAL` will be passed as the second argument to the `local_infile_init()` callback.
