mysql_set_server_option()
==============================================
#docslug#/connector-c/connector-c/V2.0.0/mysql_set_server_option
You can call the `mysql_set_server_option()` function to enable or disable a connection option.

Syntax
---------------------------

```c
int
mysql_set_server_option(MYSQL *mysql, enum
                        enum_mysql_set_option option)
```



Return values
----------------------------------

0 is returned for an execution success, and a non-zero value is returned if an error occurred.

Errors
---------------------------

* `CR_COMMANDS_OUT_OF_SYNC`: Commands were executed in an improper order.



* `CR_SERVER_GONE_ERROR`: The connection to the OBServer was disconnected.



* `CR_SERVER_LOST`: The connection to the server was lost during the query.



* `ER_UNKNOWN_COM_ERROR`: The server did not support `mysql_set_server_option()`, or the server did not support the option to be set.






Notes
--------------------------

The connection option can be of the following values:

* `MYSQL_OPTION_MULTI_STATEMENTS_ON`: enables multi-statement support.



* `MYSQL_OPTION_MULTI_STATEMENTS_OFF`: disables multi-statement support.






If multi-statement support is enabled, you must retrieve the results of calling `mysql_real_query()` or `mysql_query()` by calling `mysql_next_result()` in a loop manner to determine whether more results exist.

The effect of enabling multi-statement support by using `MYSQL_OPTION_MULTI_STATEMENTS_ON` is not quite the same as that of enabling it by passing the `CLIENT_MULTI_STATEMENTS` flag to `mysql_real_connect()` (`CLIENT_MULTI_STATEMENTS` also enables `CLIENT_MULTI_RESULTS`).

`MYSQL_OPTION_MULTI_STATEMENTS_ON` by itself is insufficient to support the use of `CALL`. To use the `CALL` SQL statement in programs, multi-result support must be enabled.
