mysql_ssl_set()
====================================
#docslug#/connector-c/connector-c/V2.0.0/mysql_ssl_set
You can call the `mysql_ssl_set()` function to establish an encrypted connection by using SSL.

Syntax
---------------------------

```unknow
my_bool
mysql_ssl_set(MYSQL *mysql,
              const char *key,
              const char *cert,
              const char *ca,
              const char *capath,
              const char *cipher)
```



Arguments

* `mysql`: the connection handler returned from `mysql_init()`. `mysql` must be a valid connection handler. Any unused SSL argument can be set to `NULL`.



* `key`: the path name of the client private key file.



* `cert`: the path name of the client public key certificate file.



* `ca`: the path name of the CA certificate file. If this option is used, it must specify the same certificate as the server.



* `capath`: the path name of the directory that contains trusted SSL CA certificate files.



* `cipher`: the list of passwords used for SSL encryption.






Return values
----------------------------------

This function always returns 0. If SSL is incorrectly set, a subsequent `mysql_real_connect()` call returns an error.

Notes
--------------------------

`mysql_ssl_set()` must be called before `mysql_real_connect()`. `mysql_ssl_set()` works only after SSL is enabled in the client library.

`mysql_ssl_set()` specifies SSL information such as the certificate and key files for establishing an encrypted connection (if such connections are available), but does not require that the connection obtained be encrypted.

`mysql_ssl_set()` is essentially equivalent to the following set of `mysql_options()` calls:

```unknow
mysql_options(mysql, MYSQL_OPT_SSL_KEY,    key);
mysql_options(mysql, MYSQL_OPT_SSL_CERT,   cert);
mysql_options(mysql, MYSQL_OPT_SSL_CA,     ca);
mysql_options(mysql, MYSQL_OPT_SSL_CAPATH, capath);
mysql_options(mysql, MYSQL_OPT_SSL_CIPHER, cipher);
```



Therefore, applications can directly call `mysql_options()` instead of`mysql_ssl_set()`, omitting calls to options with the value `NULL`. Moreover, `mysql_options()` provides encrypted-connection options not available in `mysql_ssl_set()`, such as `MYSQL_OPT_SSL_MODE` for specifying the security status of the connection.
