mysql_stmt_bind_result()
=============================================
#docslug#/connector-c/connector-c/V2.0.0/mysql_stmt_bind_result
You can call the `mysql_stmt_bind_result()` function to associate or bind output columns in a result set to data buffers and length buffers.

Syntax
---------------------------

```c
my_bool
mysql_stmt_bind_result(MYSQL_STMT *stmt,
                       MYSQL_BIND *bind)
```



`bind` is the address of an array of `MYSQL_BIND` structures.

Return values
----------------------------------

0 is returned for an execution success, and a non-zero value is returned if an error occurred.

Errors
---------------------------

* `CR_UNSUPPORTED_PARAM_TYPE`: The conversion is not supported. Maybe the `buffer_type` value is invalid or the type is not supported.



* `CR_OUT_OF_MEMORY`: The memory is insufficient.



* `CR_UNKNOWN_ERROR`: An unknown error occurred.






Notes
--------------------------

When `mysql_stmt_fetch()` is called to fetch data, the OceanBase client/server protocol places the data for the bound columns into the specified buffers. Before `mysql_stmt_fetch()` is called, all columns must be bound to buffers.

The client library expects the array to contain one element for each column of the result set. If a column is not bound to a `MYSQL_BIND` structure, `mysql_stmt_fetch()` ignores this column during data fetch.

A column can be bound or rebound at any time, even after a result set is partially retrieved. The new binding takes effect the next time when `mysql_stmt_fetch()` is called. Assume that an application binds the columns in a result set and calls `mysql_stmt_fetch()`. The client/server protocol returns data in the bound buffers. Then, assume that the application binds the columns to a different set of buffers. The protocol places data into the newly bound buffers the next time when `mysql_stmt_fetch()` is called.

To bind a column, the application calls `mysql_stmt_bind_result()` and passes the type, address, and length of the output buffer.
