mysql_stmt_execute()
=========================================
#docslug#/connector-c/connector-c/V2.0.0/mysql_stmt_execute
You can call the `mysql_stmt_execute()` function to execute a prepared query associated with a statement handler.

Syntax
---------------------------

```c
int
mysql_stmt_execute(MYSQL_STMT *stmt)
```



Return values
----------------------------------

0 is returned for an execution success, and a non-zero value is returned for errors.

Errors
---------------------------

* `CR_COMMANDS_OUT_OF_SYNC`: Commands were executed in an improper order.



* `CR_OUT_OF_MEMORY`: The memory is insufficient.



* `CR_SERVER_GONE_ERROR`: The connection to the OBServer was disconnected.



* `CR_SERVER_LOST`: The connection to the server was lost during the query.



* `CR_UNKNOWN_ERROR`: An unknown error occurred.






Notes
--------------------------

The currently bound parameter marker values are sent to the server during this call, and the server replaces the markers with the newly provided data.

Statement processing after `mysql_stmt_execute()` depends on the type of statement:

* For an `UPDATE`, `DELETE`, or `INSERT` statement, the number of modified, deleted, or inserted rows can be obtained by calling `mysql_stmt_affected_rows()`.



* For a statement such as `SELECT` that generates a result set, you must call `mysql_stmt_fetch()` to fetch the data before calling any other functions that result in query processing.



* Do not call `mysql_store_result()` or `mysql_use_result()` after calling `mysql_stmt_execute()`. These functions are not used for processing results from prepared statements.



* For statements that generate a result set, you can request `mysql_stmt_execute()` to open a cursor for the statement by calling `mysql_stmt_attr_set()` before executing the statement. If you execute a statement multiple times, `mysql_stmt_execute()` closes any open cursor before opening a new one.



* If it is detected that the metadata of a table or view referred to by a prepared statement is changed, the statement is automatically re-prepared the next time when the statement is executed.
