mysql_stmt_fetch()
=======================================
#docslug#/connector-c/connector-c/V2.0.0/mysql_stmt_fetch
You can call the `mysql_stmt_fetch()` function to fetch the next row in a result set and return data of all bound columns.

Syntax
---------------------------

```c
int
mysql_stmt_fetch(MYSQL_STMT *stmt)
```



Return values
----------------------------------



|     Return value     |                                                      Description                                                       |
|----------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 0                    | The data is fetched to the application data buffer.                                                                    |
| 1                    | An error occurred. You can obtain the error code and message by calling `mysql_stmt_errno()` and `mysql_stmt_error()`. |
| MYSQL_NO_DATA        | No more data exists.                                                                                                   |
| MYSQL_DATA_TRUNCATED | Data is truncated.                                                                                                     |



`MYSQL_DATA_TRUNCATED` is returned when truncation reporting is enabled. To determine which column values were truncated when this value is returned, check whether the `MYSQL_BIND` structures used for fetching values contain error members. Truncation reporting is enabled by default, but can be controlled by calling `mysql_options()` with the `MYSQL_REPORT_DATA_TRUNCATION` option.

Errors
---------------------------

* `CR_COMMANDS_OUT_OF_SYNC`: Commands were executed in an improper order.

  Although `mysql_stmt_fetch()` can produce this error, it is more likely to occur in the following C API call if `mysql_stmt_fetch()` is not called enough times to read the entire result set (that is, enough times to return `MYSQL_NO_DATA`).


* `CR_OUT_OF_MEMORY`: The memory is insufficient.



* `CR_SERVER_GONE_ERROR`: The connection to the OBServer was disconnected.



* `CR_SERVER_LOST`: The connection to the server was lost during the query.



* `CR_UNKNOWN_ERROR`: An unknown error occurred.



* `CR_UNSUPPORTED_PARAM_TYPE`: The buffer type is `MYSQL_TYPE_DATE`, `MYSQL_TYPE_TIME`, `MYSQL_TYPE_DATETIME`, or `MYSQL_TYPE_TIMESTAMP`, but the data type is not `DATE`, `TIME`, `DATETIME`, or `TIMESTAMP`.






All other unsupported conversion errors are returned by `mysql_stmt_bind_result()`.

Notes
--------------------------

`mysql_stmt_fetch()` can be called only when the result set exists, that is, after a call to `mysql_stmt_execute()` for a statement such as `SELECT` that produces a result set.

`mysql_stmt_fetch()` returns row data by using the buffers bound by `mysql_stmt_bind_result()`. It returns the data in the buffers for all the columns in the current row set and returns the lengths to the `length` pointer. All columns must be bound by the application before it calls `mysql_stmt_fetch()`.

`mysql_stmt_fetch()` typically occurs within a loop, to ensure that all result set rows are fetched. Sample statement:

```c
int status;

while (1)
{
  status = mysql_stmt_fetch(stmt);

  if (status == 1  status == MYSQL_NO_DATA)
    break;

  /* Handle the current row. */
}

/* If required, display the error here when handler status == 1. */
```



By default, result sets are fetched row by row in an unbuffered manner from the server. To buffer the entire result set on the client, call `mysql_stmt_store_result()` after binding the data buffers and before calling `mysql_stmt_fetch()`.

If a fetched data value is a `NULL` value, the `*is_null` value of the corresponding `MYSQL_BIND` structure contains `TRUE (1)`. Otherwise, the data and its length are returned in the `*buffer` and `*length` elements based on the buffer type specified by the application. Each numeric and temporal type has a fixed length. The length of the string types depends on the length of the actual data value, as indicated by `data_length`.


|        Type         |       Length       |
|---------------------|--------------------|
| MYSQL_TYPE_TINY     | 1                  |
| MYSQL_TYPE_SHORT    | 2                  |
| MYSQL_TYPE_LONG     | 4                  |
| MYSQL_TYPE_LONGLONG | 8                  |
| MYSQL_TYPE_FLOAT    | 4                  |
| MYSQL_TYPE_DOUBLE   | 8                  |
| MYSQL_TYPE_TIME     | sizeof(MYSQL_TIME) |
| MYSQL_TYPE_DATE     | sizeof(MYSQL_TIME) |
| MYSQL_TYPE_DATETIME | sizeof(MYSQL_TIME) |
| MYSQL_TYPE_STRING   | data length        |
| MYSQL_TYPE_BLOB     | data_length        |



In some cases, you might want to determine the length of a column value before fetching it by using `mysql_stmt_fetch()`. Use one of the following strategies:

* Before you call `mysql_stmt_fetch()` to retrieve individual rows, pass `STMT_ATTR_UPDATE_MAX_LENGTH` to `mysql_stmt_attr_set()`, and then call `mysql_stmt_store_result()` to buffer the entire result on the client. Setting the `STMT_ATTR_UPDATE_MAX_LENGTH` attribute causes the maximal length of column values to be indicated by the `max_length` member of the result set metadata returned by `mysql_stmt_result_metadata()`.



* Call `mysql_stmt_fetch()` by using a zero-length buffer for the column and a pointer in which the real length can be stored. Then use the real length with `mysql_stmt_fetch_column()`.
