mysql_stmt_next_result()
=============================================
#docslug#/connector-c/connector-c/V2.0.0/mysql_stmt_next_result
You can call the `mysql_stmt_next_result()` function to return the next result in the result set of a prepared statement.

Syntax
---------------------------

```c
int
mysql_stmt_next_result(MYSQL_STMT *mysql)
```



Return values
----------------------------------



| Return value |      Description       |
|--------------|------------------------|
| 0            | More results exist.    |
| -1           | No more results exist. |
| \>0          | An error occurred.     |



Errors
---------------------------

* `CR_COMMANDS_OUT_OF_SYNC`: Commands were executed in an improper order.



* `CR_SERVER_GONE_ERROR`: The connection to the OBServer was disconnected.



* `CR_SERVER_LOST`: The connection to the server was lost during the query.



* `CR_UNKNOWN_ERROR`: An unknown error occurred.






Notes
--------------------------

This function is used when you use prepared `CALL` statements to execute stored procedures, which can return multiple result sets. You can call `mysql_stmt_next_result()` in a loop to determine whether more results exist. If a procedure has `OUT` or `INOUT` arguments, their values will be returned as a single-row result set following other result sets. The values will appear in the order in which they are declared in the procedure parameter list.

`mysql_stmt_next_result()` returns a status to indicate whether more results exist. If `mysql_stmt_next_result()` returns an error, no more results exist.

Before each call to `mysql_stmt_next_result()`, you must call `mysql_stmt_free_result()` for the current statement returns a result set (rather than just a result status).

After calling `mysql_stmt_next_result()`, the status of the connection is the same as calling `mysql_stmt_execute()`. This means that you can call `mysql_stmt_bind_result()`, `mysql_stmt_affected_rows()`, and so on.

You can also call `mysql_more_results()` to test whether more results exist. However, this function does not change the connection status. If it returns `TRUE`, you must call `mysql_stmt_next_result()` to advance to the next result.
